Added troubleshooting documentation (#194)
vmware-labs/service-bindings: docs/troubleshooting.md

# Troubleshooting

## Collecting logs from service binding manager

> Retrieve the logs from the service-bindings `Pod` in the `service-bindings` namespace using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve pod logs from the `manager` running in the `service-bindings` namespace. 
```

>     `kubectl -n service-bindings logs -l role=manager`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```bash
     kubectl logs manager  -n service-bindings
     ```
```

Author: Changed

# Troubleshooting

## Collecting logs from service binding manager

1. Identify the `Pod` that is running the `service-binding-manager` container in the `service-bindings` namespace.

    `$kubectl -n service-bindings get pods`

    For example:
    
    ```bash
    NAME                       READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
    manager-5dbb5f584c-zvmg2   1/1     Running   0          11d
    ```

2. Gather the actual logs from the `Pod` using the `kubectl` command.
   

>    `$ kubectl -n service-bindings logs manager-5dbb5f584c-zvmg2`

Reviewer 2: Update kubectl command to use labels
`kubectl -n service-bindings logs -l role=manager` . This removes the need to get Pod name

Author: Thank you @shashwathi, good improvement
